my dear charles, i hope this letter finds you well rested, for i have the most surprising news. expecting a reply from miss warne i have been waiting eagerly for the post, in the hope that she would be able to shed more light on the mystery of the silver bullet. what i did not expect when the doorbell rang was that miss warne herself would be ushered into my morning room! she was somewhat dishevelled and close to starving, as if she had walked here, and it took some time for her to recover enough to tell me what she was doing in england. it appears that she took to heart our concern that this matter would be delayed by the continual exchange of letters, and, discovering that the shipping crates were to be transported to england on the pacific she made arrangements to travel with the cargo. what arrangements those might have been she has been too coy to explain. for the moment i have lodged her with my maid in the attic here at the towers. the staff have been marvellous, providing her with suitable clothes, and sharing meals. i am not sure how miss warne will manage in the longer term, but for now she is settled and i think we should concentrate our attention on the information that she has brought with her. given that there is a sensitivity to this matter, i would prefer to tell you about it in person. in any case, you may well wish to hear the story from miss warne herself, so i propose that we meet here at horsley at your earliest convenience. in a curious coincidence of timing sir charles is also planning to visit shortly to discuss installing his telegraphic system at our residences in order to speed communication. perhaps we can arrange matters so that he too can be briefed on the issues in this case. speaking of briefing, i think it would be appropriate to keep lord palmerston informed of our investigations. without saying too much at this stage, there are diplomatic issues at play, and he might prefer to lead on these matters. could i ask you to write to him? you know how he hates to be bothered by women. it might be a good idea to encipher all our communications with his office using our customary transposition cipher. i do not entirely trust the discretion of those in his private office. with my fondest regards, ada
